and what about friends with followers
you are a shocker and today I want you
recommend a cube frame antiban and she
will of course be for counter strike 1 6
that's what the point is already all
guessed she turns out what she does
she changed back and I don’t know the truth
why is there a whale's company to me
meant in general a joke is that if
you were banned there on some server or
here are both of us or admin someone at all
no matter then she just sort of me
ideas and you can again these on this
servers and there for troll admins this
here
I'll show you now in the sense that I would
probably I will not show how she is
it works, but I'll tell you what the point is
there it turns out we open this one
archive later course here this daddy is
Here we take these boa alikov and
transfer the folder with the control
here here right here right here nowhere
what folders would you need here falcon
just for us the folder that's all me
just just types olga already been
and now I will replace and everything has changed
Now we go in with and here we went to
the end as i said and see here we are
we were banned by the twix admin
the reason and we specifically turned it on
duration is not always yes look
this is what you see yes here
Here we see that server go
hobby
as if once Danilov
to ban